Stacy: I feel like SEC has
been bottle and taking my career
to the next level. It has opened
up so many opportunities with
the different positions that
I've been able to hold for the
last few years at Firestone
continuing my education and has
been an absolute key. I'm
currently the distribution
center coordinator at Firestone
air out here in Waynesburg,
Kentucky our plant creates and
manufactures or springs for
tractor, trailers, buses,
trains, things like that. My job
history at Firestone goes back
24 years, I started out in
production on the plant floor
manufacturing those air springs,
I was able to get a job in the
test lab, making sure that
everything was a good quality,
then started my journey at SCC
and was able to acquire a
document control coordinator job
which led into now that I'm
distribution center coordinator.
What drew me to attend Somerset
Community College was needing to
go back to school, I had always
had a dream ever since I was in
high school to be able to go to
college and acquire a degree. No
one in my family and my in my
immediate family had a degree
and that's just something that I
had always wanted. So I searched
around and I saw that the
tuition and things for ACC were
remarkable. And I wanted to
advance my career. So I started
ACC the online program was
appealing to me because I knew
that I could work around my work
schedule. You know, I'm a full
time mom, I'm a full time
employee. So I knew that I
needed something that I could
manipulate the schedule and make
sure that I got the work done
how I needed to and when I
needed to. And the cost being
low, was also a huge input for
me. After graduating SCC, I did
transfer to a four year school
where I'm working towards
getting my bachelor's in
Business Administration. One
piece of advice I would give
anyone that was thinking about
taking online classes at SCC is
do it it is absolutely worth it.